ci/dockerfiles/docker-cpi/README.md, before:

## docker-cpi image

Minimal image that contains:

- dependencies required to launch a BOSH Director using the Docker CPI within a container
- bosh v2 CLI
- Ruby
- Go

The started Director comes preconfigured with a default [cloud config](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh-deployment/blob/master/docker/cloud-config.yml) and is optimized for Concourse usage.

`start-bosh` will produce artifacts in `/tmp/local-bosh/director` which are necessary to interact with the BOSH Director.
- `creds.yml` will contain the vars-store for the bosh deploy
- `env` will contain the environment variables necessary to target, authenticate, and interact with the bosh director
- `state.json` contains the state information for the director

A simple example usage:

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

set -ex

start-bosh

source /tmp/local-bosh/director/env

bosh upload-stemcell ...
bosh -d cf deploy ...
```

`start-bosh` will also allow passing additional command line args into the `create-env` command that will be run. So, to start a customized director, you could use something like:

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

set -ex

start-bosh -o /usr/local/bosh-deployment/uaa.yml -o /usr/local/bosh-deployment/local-bosh-release.yml -v local_bosh_release=/path/to/bosh.tgz

source /tmp/local-bosh/director/env

bosh upload-stemcell ...
bosh -d cf deploy ...
```

Commit message:

stop the docker service when docker-cpi/start-bosh exits

ci/dockerfiles/docker-cpi/README.md, after:

## docker-cpi image

Minimal image that contains:

- dependencies required to launch a BOSH Director using the Docker CPI within a container
- bosh v2 CLI
- Ruby
- Go

The started Director comes preconfigured with a default [cloud config](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh-deployment/blob/master/docker/cloud-config.yml) and is optimized for Concourse usage.

`. start-bosh` will produce artifacts in `/tmp/local-bosh/director` which are necessary to interact with the BOSH Director.
- `creds.yml` will contain the vars-store for the bosh deploy
- `env` will contain the environment variables necessary to target, authenticate, and interact with the bosh director
- `state.json` contains the state information for the director

It is necessary to run in the current shell so that the docker service can be
stopped on exit. Otherwise the concourse task may hang.

A simple example usage:

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

set -ex

. start-bosh

source /tmp/local-bosh/director/env

bosh upload-stemcell ...
bosh -d cf deploy ...
```

`. start-bosh` will also allow passing additional command line args into the `create-env` command that will be run. So, to start a customized director, you could use something like:

```
#!/usr/bin/env bash

set -ex

. start-bosh -o /usr/local/bosh-deployment/uaa.yml -o /usr/local/bosh-deployment/local-bosh-release.yml -v local_bosh_release=/path/to/bosh.tgz

source /tmp/local-bosh/director/env

bosh upload-stemcell ...
bosh -d cf deploy ...
```
