docs/code_style.md, before:

# Code Style

We use [RuboCop](http://batsov.com/rubocop/) which generally enforces the [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide).
We use a [`.rubocop.yml` file](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh/blob/master/src/.rubocop.yml) for customized style configuration.

The current strategy is to fix the offenses either manually (if your changes are small enough) or fix them automated by running `rubocop --auto-correct` on the file(s) you changed. However, if you decide to run `rubocop --auto-correct` on the whole file(s), make sure to have a separate commit for the reformatting so that your actual commit is not polluted with code reformatting. You could do this in one of two ways:

1. skipping the hook
  - `git commit --no-verify` for your code change
  - `rubocop --auto-correct` on the file you changed
  - do the commit for the reformatted file
  
2. reformatting the file before you commit your changes
  - stash your changes
  - `rubocop --auto-correct` on the file you're about to change
  - do the commit for the reformatted file
  - reapply your changes
  - `rubocop --auto-correct` on the file
  - commit your changes
  
It's currently not possible to run `rubocop -a` on the whole repo since it's breaking some of our tests and makes it difficult for feature branches to be rebased onto master.

Our code style is still evolving, however `rake rubocop` is run by Travis so making these pass will improve the chances that the pull request will be accepted.

Commit message:

Update `rubocop` gem to handle Ruby 3.1
We update `rubocop` gem 0.79.0 → 1.36.0 to accommodate the current Ruby
version, 3.1. We additionally updated its configuration file to
accommodate changes, and updated the scripts and instructions as well.

Fixes:

- `Error: RuboCop found unknown Ruby version 3.1 in `TargetRubyVersion` parameter (in src/.rubocop.yml).`
  `Supported versions: 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7`
- `--auto-correct is deprecated; use --autocorrect instead.`
- `Error: The `Style/BracesAroundHashParameters` cop has been removed. Please use  and/or  instead.`
- `src/.rubocop.yml: Metrics/LineLength has the wrong namespace - should be Layout`

Signed-off-by: Brian Cunnie <bcunnie@vmware.com>

docs/code_style.md, after:

# Code Style

We use [RuboCop](http://batsov.com/rubocop/) which generally enforces the [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide).
We use a [`.rubocop.yml` file](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/bosh/blob/master/src/.rubocop.yml) for customized style configuration.

The current strategy is to fix the offenses either manually (if your changes are small enough) or fix them automated by running `rubocop --autocorrect` on the file(s) you changed. However, if you decide to run `rubocop --autocorrect` on the whole file(s), make sure to have a separate commit for the reformatting so that your actual commit is not polluted with code reformatting. You could do this in one of two ways:

1. skipping the hook
  - `git commit --no-verify` for your code change
  - `rubocop --autocorrect` on the file you changed
  - do the commit for the reformatted file
  
2. reformatting the file before you commit your changes
  - stash your changes
  - `rubocop --autocorrect` on the file you're about to change
  - do the commit for the reformatted file
  - reapply your changes
  - `rubocop --autocorrect` on the file
  - commit your changes
  
It's currently not possible to run `rubocop -a` on the whole repo since it's breaking some of our tests and makes it difficult for feature branches to be rebased onto master.

Our code style is still evolving, however `rake rubocop` is run by Travis so making these pass will improve the chances that the pull request will be accepted.
